I18N
====

While generating the code, the system will take care of creating all the keys related to values that must be I18N and store it in a properties file (one for every language defined in the environment variable PRJ_LANGS). The files are stored in the folder pointed to the environment variable PRJ_I18N_DIR.

Every template "define" a serie of keys (using {i18n(varName)}) while others keys are created by the python script while processing the template.

The properties file is handled automatically by the scrtipts BUT they are not inserted by default in the database, because this is time consuming action, That is, if we translate a term this will NOT appear reflected in the web unless we launch this action explicitly.

    python createWebModule.py --all --recreateI18N
    ...
    Regenerating the tables _Lang and _I18N, this can take a while ...


NOTE : actually createWebModule.py needs to specify at least one module (here we use --all), BUT the action related with --recreateI18N is launched only once; that is, the two following commands are identical in relation to insert the translations in the database.

    python createWebModule.py --all --recreateI18N
    
    and

    python createWebModule.py _User --recreateI18N

As already metioned, the properties files are mantained automatically by the scripts
, that is if a new ation is added the needed keys (title,...) are added automatically by the scripts. Nevertheless, can be some situations where the files are not up to date (e.g. when an action is removed the keys are NOT automatically removed). For that actions and some others the script `genI18N.py` can be used. 

For example:

    python genI18N.py --regenerate

will regenerate the I18N files, removing unused keys, sorting them,....

As always, use `-h` for a detailed help. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[TO REVIEW]

Global
------


List
----
[FE]
{Module}:{ActionName}        : List Title
{Module}:ListSearch          : Button Search
{Module}:Summary{ActionName} : List Summary (for the readers?)
{Module}:Caption{ActionName} : List Caption (shown before the table)
{Module}:BatchUpload         : Upload Title
{Module}:Import              : Button Import

[Scripts]

Add
----
[FE]
{MODULE}:{ActionName}         : Form Title
{MODULE}:{ActionName}Overview : Form Overview
{Module}:Caption{ActionName}  : Form Description

[Scripts]